what's going on guys and girls it's
ghostrobo and welcome back to Mortal
Kombat X today we're doing something
really kind of freaky we're not playing
as scorpion we're not playing as kenchi
we're not playing as Kano in fact we're
playing as Baraka it's going to get
really weird in a second here I'm
playing on the PC Baraka is a character
from the single-player campaign that
appears as an enemy but never as a
playable character and you're about to
witness him as a playable character
which is really freaky but hopefully
you'll enjoy it if you guys like these
mortal kombat videos and want to see
more of them let me know with a like and
a comment Baraka kinda thinks he's
kenchi so they don't really have much to
say to each other but he is definitely
Baraka um and look at his moves he has
his own moves
these aren't he knows moves and these
are his own freaky creepy moves and his
own slash his slices punches raises
throws all of that and it's pretty darn
awesome I don't know if they're gonna
ever do like a wave to of DLC or what
but this would be a great a great choice
you know we're getting predator we're
getting Jason we're getting a what's his
name tremor and we're getting Tania
Baraka isn't like fully built doesn't
have an x-ray he doesn't have big
challenges as far as I know hitting the
triggers is doing nothing for me gear um
but he's usable in the sense that he
hasn't moved set that is pretty darn
cool and I love this combo reminds me
out of something on the Street Fighter
and where you go low kick and then into
like a spin I love that move and Kano
otherwise known as Baraka this is really
really really cool um this is possible
the couple other characters as well
Sindel rain corrupted shinnok and
there's a few of these that work in this
really weird manner I didn't discover
this but I thought it was definitely
like worth showing you guys and kind of
like a really cool sort of just random
thing it's only on the PC version
it's kind of a weird process to get I
know that IGN showed it off but I wanted
to bring it to you as well I don't have
any x-rays were fatalities so I'm just
gonna kick you goodnight
sub-zero Baraka silently mocks you with
the words of Kano and then it says Kano
wins and there might be a way to go
through and actually change all of the
verbage to read Baraka and whatnot and
but I thought this is just like really
freaking cool and I'm gonna go once more
we'll see if this works here bring
Baraka back as for another match
but definitely uh let me know if you'd
like to see some of the other characters
that I mentioned rain sandal corrupted
shinnok and I can bring that to you as
well and just maybe if you've any ideas
for what you want to see on americana x
the single-player campaign is done you
just want like multiplayer with Jake if
you want online multiplayer and if you
want more character showcases I did that
with um
what's-her-face i Cassie cage I did it
with Goro and that was kind of fun so if
you guys would like more of that stuff I
can do more of those as well right to
sort of focus on one character show up
there fatalities there x-ray all their
different moves towers as well as an
option although I find like the
multiplayer fights I'm more enjoyable
than watching towers although the but
the test your luck towers are pretty
interesting because the modifier so
maybe I could do some more of those if
you'd like to see that also I don't know
if you guys noticed when using a new
microphone so I'm just pouring the
questions on for you guys if you want to
comment on any of that stuff I love to
hear your feedback let's seek up there
okay now if you can cut the third of Sub
Zero with your freaking claws I think
Barack is just like an insanely powerful
character because the fact that he
basically has weapons built into his
body um how many characters have that
Goro like kind of at the unfairness of
four arms but man Baraka that would hurt
you got slash with his things that would
be a painful experience I'm playing with
next box one controller on PC and you
know in terms of like graphics I don't
notice anything different about PC
versus like Xbox one or ps4 I'm not like
a total purist maybe it does look a lot
better um in some fashion but it's hard
for me to really and notice what I do
know is that the load times are almost
instantaneous here at which it's not bad
on console but it is a little bit of a
slog here though you see we pop right
back into a fight almost instantly
there's no delay it still shows like the
load screen menu but it doesn't take a
long time at all to get out of it very
quickly and I'm sticking with this fight
just to guarantee that nothing screws up
and you're able to just see
because it took a little while to make
this work all right
but it's cool that this is in the game
and an option I cannot wait for the DLC
I'm super pumped for that and I think we
got a pack actually coming in like about
a week so I'll definitely bring you
coverage of that if you want to see it
and just make sure to keep hitting that
like button if you enjoy this stuff that
else let me know it's a game I should
keep around and focus on in the same way
that justice did carry a lot of support
back in whenever that came out 2012
lemme know 2013 13 12
it had to be 13 I think they do a game
every two years yeah cuz mk9 11 and
justice was 13 and then this one is 15
and hopefully though I hope injustice 2
is 16 not 17 so I really can't wait to
see what they're able to do here I kind
of wish Bracco's in the game as a you
know up character with variations and
whatnot this guy does not have
variations it's just sort of like a mod
modifying files and whatnot with the PC
but he offers variety that some of the
other guys like yeah I don't know do we
really need a Jackie Briggs and Cassie
cage and Sonya Blade and all that I'm
gonna wrap things up here kind of a
shorter video I just wanted to highlight
the fact that you can be Baraka and it's
kind of sweet let me know just think in
the comments below hope you enjoyed this
video everybody and are having that
fantastic day drinks my chocolate until
next time thanks for being awesome and
we will see you all later